Move lineage AWS IAM permissions into compute env and manual setup pages (#1401)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/enterprise/advanced-topics/manual-aws-batch-setup.mdx

	- `seqera-batchjob` (the instance role policy created above)
1. Enter `seqera-instancerole` as the role name and add an optional description and tags if needed, then select **Create**.

> If [data lineage](../../data/data-lineage) is enabled in your workspace, attach the following additional policy to this role to allow access to the lineage S3 bucket:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enable [data lineage](../data/data-lineage) in your workspace, attach the following additional policy to this role to allow access to the lineage S3 bucket:
```
